
# 👋🏻 Hello I'm Jonas Morales
<h2> 👨🏻‍💻 Fullstack Web Developer <img src="angular-color.svg" alt="Angular" width="24"  height="24"> Angular | <img src="nestjs-color.svg"  alt="Nest" width="24" height="24"> Nest Js   | <img src="nodedotjs-color.svg"  alt="Node" width="24" height="24"> Node Js  | <img src="react-color.svg"  alt="React" width="24" height="24"> React</h2>

<h4>I was born in "El pulgarcito de
America" the incredible El Salvador, since I was little I've
been passionate about technology, I've loved programming ever
since I discovered it and that's why I worked hard to become
a Full Stack web developer , I have completed a Bachelor's
degree in Computer Science, and after many hours watching
tutorials, reading books and the official documentation of my
favorite technologies I can say that I feel proud to have
achieved my goal, I always like to be at the forefront of
technologies that revolve around this wonderful world of
software development and never stop learning, to always show
my best version as a professional, I love working with
Javascript especially with Angular and Node, and the MERN
Stack, one of my biggest motivations is to create robust and
scalable web applications that always provide the best user
experience, without sacrificing the beauty or elegance, and
of course following the best practices, and I make sure that
my code is always readable and understandable by other
developers.
I am fascinated by helping others, discussing technological
issues and taking on new challenges that allow me to
constantly grow.</h4>

